Use `timedelta` to represent time periods in classes (#4750)
python-telegram-bot/python-telegram-bot: docs/substitutions/global.rst

.. |org-verify| replace:: `on behalf of the organization <https://telegram.org/verify#third-party-verification>`__

.. |time-period-input| replace:: :class:`datetime.timedelta` objects are accepted in addition to plain :obj:`int` values.

> .. |time-period-int-deprecated| replace:: In a future major version this will be of type :obj:`datetime.timedelta`. You can opt-in early by setting the `PTB_TIMEDELTA` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |time-period-int-deprecated| replace:: In a future major version this will be of type :obj:`datetime.timedelta`. You can opt-in early by setting `PTB_TIMEDELTA=1` as an environment variable.
```
